Update documentation for updated Numark Mixtrack Pro mapping (#390)
mixxxdj/manual: source/hardware/controllers/numark_mixtrack_pro.rst

4.  **CHANNEL BASS:** Adjusts the low (bass) frequencies of the corresponding channel.
5.  **CUE:** Sends pre-fader audio to the Cue Channel for headphone monitoring.
6.  **CUE GAIN:** Adjusts the audio level of the Cue channel.

> 7.  **CUE MIX:** Turn to mix between Cue and Program in the Headphone channel. When all the way to the left, only channels routed to Cue will be heard. When all the way right, only the Program mix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  **CUE MIX:** Turn to mix between cue and main output in the headphone channel. When all the way to the left, only channels routed to cue will be heard. When all the way right, only the main mix. 
```

    will be heard.
8.  **BROWSE KNOB:** Turn this knob to scroll through lists of tracks / library. When a file is selected, press the knob to load the currently highlighted song into the first stopped deck.
9.  **BACK:** This button will switch the Browse Knob to scroll into the track list (File LED will illuminate) or into the library section (Folder LED will illuminate).
10. **LOAD A/B:** When a deck is paused and a track is selected, press one of these buttons to load the selected track into the respective deck.

    * *Note:* The pitch is set to 0% at load.

> 

Reviewer: Why is this? Does this not cause issues with sync lock?

Reviewer 2: This is unusual mainly because the hardware pitch faders get out of sync.

11. **CHANNEL FADER:** Adjusts the audio level on the corresponding channel.
12. **MASTER FADER:** Adjusts the output volume of the Program mix.
13. **CROSSFADER:** Blends audio playing between Decks A and B. Sliding this to the left plays Deck A and sliding to the right plays Deck B.
14. **JOG WHEEL:** When the deck is playing, the Jog Wheel will bend the track’s pitch. When the Scratch button is on, touching the top of the Jog Wheel will scratch the selected track **(can do
    backspin effect)**, and touching the border of the Jog Wheel will bend the track’s pitch. When the deck is not playing, rotating the Jog Wheel will scan through the track.
15. **SCRATCH:** Turns Scratch Mode on or off. If Scratch Mode is on, the button will light up and the Jog Wheel will scratch like a turntable when you spin it.
16. **PLAY/PAUSE:** Starts or resumes playback if the Deck is paused. Pauses playback if the Deck is playing. LED is on when playing and off when stopped.

>     * **Delete + PLAY/PAUSE:** Start/stop playback with a vinyl speed-up/slow-down effect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Delete + PLAY/PAUSE:** Start/stop playback with a vinyl speed-up/slow-down effect. 
```

> 17. **STUTTER:** Adjust BeatGrid in the correct place (useful to sync well). The Stutter button will blink once per beat.

Reviewer: I don't understand. Is this one-shot phase sync?

18. **CUE:** Sets and navigates the track to a Cue point. Behavior emulates popular CDJs and depends on whether the relevant deck is currently playing:

    * While paused:

        * Press and release the Cue button to set the Cue point.
        * Press and hold the Cue button to temporarily play the track from the last Cue point. When the button is released, playback will stop; or, while holding the Cue button, press the Play button to continue playback.

    * While playing:

        * Press and release the Cue button to return the track to the last set Cue point and pause.

    * *Note:* The Cue button will blink once per beat during the last 30 seconds of the song.

>     * *Note:* If Cue is pressed at the end of the song, no cue will be set; instead, you will return to the most recent cue.

Reviewer: Doesn't this depend on the cue behavior configured in the preferences? If not, that should be changed IMHO.

>     * **Delete + CUE:** Start playback from the beginning of the track

Reviewer: Does this really start playback or just seek to the start of the track?
